gh-121999: Change default tarfile filter to 'data' (#122002)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-07-18-21-19-04.gh-issue-121999.8IBbTK.rst

> Update tarfile library to use 'data' filter by default when extracting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default extraction filter for the :mod:`tarfile` module is now
set to :func:`'data' <tarfile.data_filter>`.
```
